hello guys it's me and minecraft Rome
11th here and welcome back to another
room tour this is two point O video yeah
um so um so this video is sponsored by
DC and a 99 link will to the channel
will be in the description below um and
also simon d co 2 will be below get
Lobos be right there click on this one
simon d co to click on this one d can be
99 so this is room tour to point tobu oh
those weird to point out so let's get
started for okay so let me start off
with my desk so basically I my desk is
just a simple green yes yes um so this
is my desk right here this is my desk
basically my gaming all right uh so this
is my gaming stuff so here's my gaming
headset so this is my gaming headset um
this is my gaming keyboard
that's how he didn't kill the Mon
college yeah that's how I do all of my
property out here is my gaming mouse
right here that's how you get yep so the
keyboard in the mouse are both
gluttonous um so you could use them out
ah stuff without wires sorry uh a little
and ultrasonic babies for buy airsoft
guns and then I have over here to the
right cabin fever book and die by
ranchers um what nanoblock things
they're like this so just like really
tiny Lego tiny microscope thing and this
packet of things so and then I have work
and then i have my dresser right there
um basically just shames up here like
video games right here like series of
books don't really read that much and
then it basically just like puzzles and
my birthday presents
so oh my god attack sorry um I live here
so I open closet it's open sea because I
just had a little calf and gone more and
mythology stories yeah mr. shady his DTI
b 9 iron sister Faye you might see them
right here so yeah yeah thank you very
much and then I am my iron sword my film
iron sword I'm not really sure where
them to call my Sokka excellent uh so
you guys ready for Christmas or not
we're doing that stuff here's my sleeve
head profile photo peterborough me yeah
use different hallowee-- to um so yeah
tech decks and then in my closet here
you guys will be able to see paper jams
I have an electric guitar right here
right here i have an amplifier for my
paper jams which barely even works so
basically that's my closet now I just
basically helped a little marble one set
right here and uh oh
yeah cap gun little cheap captain and
then I have this like little box lashing
my airsoft gun goes right through caps
you know that is tatical field capital
little check their skate ramp I barely
used to fix and never really um well the
time I maybe it's me back yeah and then
I have these little Lego minifigure
caption things those are actually cool
but then watching dnews yeah write them
a cheap little bubble gun it just got
clogged with the bubble stuff but i'll
slice top ten minutes yeah man here is
just my mower on instruction people what
if you watch this portion are you
Michael seat booth get I messed up here
Shangri okay so okay so now let's move
on here's my dresser right here um no
change things it goodnight thank you are
like it stop here are my some my books
one in the middle of San clothes um Lego
set with the Contra she um
this is mine um so yeah that's basically
it for my a dresser what here's my
occurrence so nice hurting I like it
I'll save you look like a little kid
boxing okay um yeah it's uh also didn't
eat my own eyes birthday little days ago
so each one thing yep okay sir he don't
he turn eight years old he turned eight
years old DCM 99 um say I just wish him
happy birthday in the comment section
below thank you yep and then right here
there's like a little lamp thing and
goosebumps book right here ah the book
is all fours and I have two giant
everything that I have time that's good
nerf gun last but not least my bed so
it's like a nice little bunk bed I've
like sleepovers big Lego bucket right
there yep you see I'm d99 yep I sleep
over yet um and there's like hold a nice
oh did you um and then up here there was
a ladder right here but um a little
sister kept on climbing up it and she
could fell down um she's do so yeah
that's like the bed and then last action
less actually last but not least I have
a sweet minecrat poster right there um
so that is DC md 99 s and my craft romo
Lebensraum torso to point o see you guys
next time links will be in the channel
and up here somewhere below